Add Gradle Scripts, postgresql-ballerina module and postgresql-native module (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-postgresql: postgresql-ballerina/Package.md

## Package overview

This Package provides the functionality required to access and manipulate data stored in a PostgreSQL database.

Prerequisite: Add the PostgreSQL driver JAR as a native library dependency in your Ballerina project. It is recommended to use a PostgreSQL driver version greater than 42.2.18.

> E.g., The `Ballerina.toml` content. Change the path to the JDBC driver appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the `Ballerina.toml` content is given below. Change the path to the JDBC driver appropriately.
```

```toml
[package]
org = "sample"
name = "postgresql"
version= "0.1.0"

[[platform.java11.dependency]]
artifactId = "postgresql-connector-java"
version = "42.2.18"
path = "/path/to/postgresql-connector-java-42.2.18.jar"
groupId = "postgresql"
``` 

### Client
To access a database, you must first create a 

> [postgresql:Client] object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`postgresql:Client` object. 
```

#### Creating a client
This example shows different ways of creating the `postgresql:Client`. 

The client can be created with an empty constructor and hence, the client will be initialized with the default properties. 
The first example with the `dbClient1` demonstrates this.

> The `dbClient2` receives the host, username, and password. Since the properties are passed in the same order as it is defined 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dbClient2` receives the host, username, and password. The properties are passed in the same order as they are defined. 
```

The `dbClient3` uses the named params to pass the attributes since it is skipping some params in the constructor. 

Similarly, the `dbClient4` uses the named params and it provides an unshared connection pool in the type of 
[sql:ConnectionPool](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/sql/records/ConnectionPool) 
to be used within the client. 
For more details about connection pooling, see the [SQL Package](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/sql).

```ballerina
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient1 = new ();
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient2 = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", 
                              "postgres", 5432);
postgresql:Options postgresqlOptions = {
  connectTimeout: 10
};
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient3 = new (user = "postgres", password = "postgres",
                              options = postgresqlOptions);
                              
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient4 = new (user = "postgres", password = "postgres",
                              connectionPool = {maxOpenConnections: 5});
```

> Following Operations can be handled by postgresql:Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operations below can be handled by the `postgresql:Client`.
```

> 1. Connection Pooling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connection pooling
```

  sql:ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery1 = `SELECT * from CharacterTypes WHERE varchar_type = ${varcharValue}`;
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "queryDb", 5432);
  stream<record {}, error> streamData = dbClient->query(sqlQuery);
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();
```
3. Inserting data
```
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "executeDb", 5432);
  sql:ExecutionResult|sql:Error result = dbClient->execute("Insert into Student (student_id) values (20)");
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();
```
4. Updating data
```
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "executeDb", 5432);
  sql:ExecutionResult|sql:Error result = dbClient->execute("Update CharacterTypes set varchar_type = 'updatedstring' 
        where varchar_type = 'str1'");
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();
```
5. Deleting data
```
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "executeDb", 5432);
  sql:ExecutionResult|sql:Error result = ddbClient->execute("Delete from NumericTypes2 where int_type = 1451");
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();
```

> 6. Batch insert and update data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Updating data in batches
```

```
  var data = [
    {row_id: 12, longValue: 9223372036854774807, doubleValue: 123.34},
    {row_id: 13, longValue: 9223372036854774807, doubleValue: 123.34},
    {row_id: 14, longValue: 9223372036854774807, doubleValue: 123.34}
  ];
  sql:ParameterizedQuery[] sqlQueries =
      from var row in data
      select `INSERT INTO NumericTypes (row_id) VALUES (${row.row_id})`;
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "batchExecuteDb", 5432);
  sql:ExecutionResult[]|sql:Error result = dbClient->batchExecute(sqlQueries);
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();

```

> 7. Execute stored procedures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Executing stored procedures
```

```
  string name = "John";
  string department = "Computer Science And Engineering";
  decimal score = 53.75;
  
  result = postgresClient->execute(
    "Create procedure insertStudent "+
    "(studentName varchar, studentDepartment varchar, studentScore decimal)"+
    "language plpgsql as $$ "+
    "begin Insert into Student(name,department,score)"+
    " Values(studentName,studentDepartment,studentScore); end; $$;"
  );
  
  if(result is sql:Error){
    io:println("Error Occurred while creating the insertStudent procedure");
  }
  
  sql:ParameterizedCallQuery sqlQuery = `call insertStudent(${name}, ${department}, ${score})`;
  postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", "procedureDb", 5432);
  sql:ProcedureCallResult|sql:Error result = dbClient->call(sqlQuery);
  sql:Error? e = dbClient.close();
```

> 8. Closing client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Closing the client
```

## Package overview

This Package provides the functionality required to access and manipulate data stored in a PostgreSQL database.  

> **Prerequisite:** Add the PostgreSQL driver JAR as a native library dependency in your Ballerina project. 

Author: I will update

> **Prerequisite:** Add the PostgreSQL driver JAR as a native library dependency in your Ballerina project. 

Author: Updated. Commit id is 409283ccf61c4a1d6c737c91d8d7912215a47e37

> This Package uses database properties from the PostgreSQL version 42.2.18. Therefore, it is recommended to use a 

Author: We can use a PostgreSQL driver version greater than 42.2.18

> This Package uses database properties from the PostgreSQL version 42.2.18. Therefore, it is recommended to use a 

Author: Updated. Commit id is 409283ccf61c4a1d6c737c91d8d7912215a47e37

## Package overview

This Package provides the functionality required to access and manipulate data stored in a PostgreSQL database.  

**Prerequisite:** Add the PostgreSQL driver JAR as a native library dependency in your Ballerina project. 
This Package uses database properties from the PostgreSQL version 42.2.18. Therefore, it is recommended to use a 

> PostgreSQL driver version 42.2.18. Then, once you build the project by executing the `ballerina build`
> command, you should be able to run the resultant by executing the `ballerina run` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL driver version 42.2.18. Then, once you build the project by executing the `bal build`
command, you should be able to run the resultant by executing the `bal run` command.
```

Author: I will update

Author: Updated. Commit id is c6c5bfc78b2774c6bc276f5857b7e2b9e98d7bf7

E.g., The `Ballerina.toml` content.
Change the path to the JDBC driver appropriately.

```toml
[package]
org = "sample"
name = "postgresql"
version= "0.1.0"

[[platform.java11.dependency]]

> artafactId = "postgresql-connector-java"

Reviewer 3: fix the typo

Author: I will fix

Author: Fixed. Commit id is c6c5bfc78b2774c6bc276f5857b7e2b9e98d7bf7

Similarly, the `dbClient4` uses the named params and it provides an unshared connection pool in the type of 
[sql:ConnectionPool](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/sql/records/ConnectionPool) 
to be used within the client. 
For more details about connection pooling, see the [SQL Package](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/sql).

```ballerina
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient1 = new ();
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient2 = new ("localhost", "postgres", "postgres", 
                              "postgres", 5432);
postgresql:Options postgresqlOptions = {
  connectTimeout: 10
};
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient3 = new (user = "postgres", password = "postgres",
                              options = postgresqlOptions);
                              
postgresql:Client|sql:Error dbClient4 = new (user = "postgres", password = "postgres",
                              connectionPool = {maxOpenConnections: 5});
```
Following Operations can be handled by postgresql:Client

1. Connection Pooling
2. Querying data
3. Inserting data
4. Updating data
5. Deleting data
6. Batch insert and update data
7. Execute stored procedures

> 8. Closing client

Reviewer 2: Shall we add code snippets for each operation?
no need for complete code, just highlighting the  operation.

Author: I will update

Author: Updated. Commit id is fc9adc1de62026291eefe9bb2013ee1dd51a1768
